privacy policy
This Privacy Policy describes how and why we collect, store or use your information when you use the Services, for example when:
- Download and use our mobile application (offers)
1. What information do we collect?
Personal information that you disclose to us.
In short: We collect the personal information you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when we register, express an interest in obtaining information about us or the products offered, or otherwise when you contact us.
Personal Information You Provide The Personal Information we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, and the choices you make. The Personal Information we collect may include:
Full name.
Telephone number.
Region.
Date of Birth.

2. How do we process your information?
In short: We process your information to provide, improve, administer, and communicate with you in order to protect, prevent fraud, and comply with the law.

We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our services, including:
To facilitate account creation, authentication, and management of user accounts. We may process your information so that you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in good standing.
- To respond to user inquiries / provide support to users. We may process your information to respond to your inquiries and resolve any potential problems you may have with the requested service.
- To send you marketing and promotional messages. We may process personal information that you submit to us for our own marketing purposes, if this is consistent with your marketing preferences.

3. How do we keep your information safe?
In short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our guarantees and efforts to secure your information. No electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and collect or access your information or stolen or improperly modified. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information.

4. Children's privacy
These services do not address anyone under the age of 13. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete it from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you know that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take the necessary actions.


5. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, you are advised to check this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately upon being posted on this page.

6. Contact us
If you have questions or comments about the Privacy Policy, you can email us at alaa96.mardini@gmail.com
